you
81 and you're going to run a gem around
on count number two and it has to land
on two then you're going to tone the
flesh and it has to land on count number
four so let me do it for you seven eight
one and two three and four you see oh
I'm down and I'm prepared on counter
before you're going to tap turn five
hips and hands six seven eight so you
have a hip isolation when your arms do
kind of a last two thing six seven eight
here we go and one and two three watched
a four and five and six and seven and
eight right foot pas de Bouree one and
two turn 34 turns to me as time as you
possibly can five six seven
let's try that much again ready one two
three two two three three two three four
two three from there you're going to
promenade and attitude two counts of 35
to 36 two three come in on seven eight
to three plie down 1 2 3 2 2 3 3 triplet
4 to 3 let's try that whole part again
you